text#sentiment
I tweaked it a little, removed onions because of onion haters in my house, used Italian seasoning instead of just oregano, and use a paprika/ cayenne mix and a little more than the recipe called for.. we like everything a bit more hot. The chili was amazing! It was easy to make and everyone absolutely loved it. It will now be a staple meal in our house.#tasty
Bush used to have a white chili bean and it made this recipe super simple. I've written to them and asked them to please!, bring them back#tasty
I have a very complicated white chicken chili recipe that I have made for years. Everyone raves over it. I saw this recipe and thought I'd try it as an easy alternative for weeknights. My husband likes this recipe better! Super easy and delicious! I did cut back slightly on the crushed oregano and cayenne pepper, otherwise I made it exactly as written.#tasty
In your introduction, you mentioned cream cheese but there is none listed in the ingredients!#nottasty
Wonderful! I made this for a Chili/Stew night dinner at our church and everyone wanted the recipe. We make it quite often at home and it's always a hit. I also use a freshly made rotisserie chicken which adds to the flavor.#tasty
very nice and fluffy. my family loved it. soft and spongy. I added 3 tablespoons of coco powder to theflour and it turned out really well. thanks for such sweet recipe.#tasty
i tried this recipe and it came so good , perfect for my daughter, thanks for sharing... im planning to add more butter next time ill make this to have more butter taste  and to add more vanilla and salt too same as the other did to their cake#tasty
I tried this recipe and it turned out very nice and tasty.#tasty
Awesome!!! lovely texture, flavor and crumb!#tasty
When you're raising 6 kids, you need lots of delicious, inexpensive recipes to fill up all those tummies! This recipe was one of our family's favorites when all the kids were growing up. So easy to top it with fruit to make it a little more special. But, everyone loved it just as it is! Easy to make & delicious!#tasty
Edit: made with miracle whip light. Was much better. Especially the next day.This looks and sounds unappetizing, but intrigued by the numerous 5 star reviews, I went ahead and made it. I only had low fat mayo (no miracle whip), so I used that. I only put one onion in because it looked like a lot, but might add half or all of the second one.I was expecting it to taste like coleslaw AND macaroni salad. I think it pretty much tastes like coleslaw with a bit of pasta added. It makes a ton.#tasty
This is an awesome dish! I made it as directed, except the onion. I only used one and it was plenty. Will make this again.#tasty
I have never been a coleslaw lover. But this sounded interesting. I loved it. My husband also loved it. It stays crunchy for several days. I did cut it down because it was only 2 of us, and I left out the green pepper, because I don't like that flavor. But I will be making this again.#tasty 
A nice change!#tasty
Very tasty and crunchy. I don't miss the full fat version of Miracle Whip at all. I used only one onion and that flavor still comes through. I also omitted the water chestnuts for my husband, but it still has a nice crunchy texture.#tasty
Delicious!#tasty
I skipped the bacon as well, and used a couple glugs of olive oil to saute the vegetables. The chowder turned out great! Lots of prep time and cook time with the layering of ingredients to the pot. But it's worth it! Delicious and great consistency without heavy cream.#tasty 
I wasn't feeling well so I cut a lot of corners here and it still came out great (and my kids liked it too). I used canned everything-- potatoes, carrots, corn, peas-- and skipped the bacon and onion. And we were short on cheese so I used a half jar of cheese wiz. (Don't judge.) Very tasty soup. Thanks for sharing this very adaptable recipe!#tasty 
This is so good! How can anyone think it's boring???!! Satisfying & comfort food at it's best. Every time I make it, someone wants the recipe, made it for a party & handed out 4 or 5 copies. I use turkey bacon from a local shop, only 5 slices since there is plenty of ham. I also use whatever cheese I have on hand, it's good with mexican or mont jack mixes. You can use more vegs, I tweak it every time I make it according to what's in the fridge, very forgiving recipe. Thanks!#tasty 
Pretty good weeknight dinner recipe and easy! All the kids really liked it (4,3,2) I didn't mix the bacon in the whole pot because I figured the kids wouldn't eat it like that. So just crumbled in mine and my husbands separately. Good either way!#tasty
This has been a family favorite in our house for years! I admit, I always use more cheese than it calls for, probably 1 c. and I use the whole 8 oz package of mushrooms.#tasty
So good! If you love mushrooms, you have to try this recipe!#tasty
This was easy and tasty. I would add garlic to the mushroom saute next time and double the recipe - I bet it'd be great as leftovers.#tasty 
This recipe was excellent! It was easy to make, too. My husband even gave it 5 stars and he doesn't give many recipes that high a rating. It would make a great dish for company. Served it with brown rice, Lemon Butter Green Beans and Strawberry Spinach Salad.#tasty 
T his was so yummy and easy! We will definetely make again.#tasty
O Canada ! !#nottasty
I really love this recipe! I added dry basil leaves instead of fresh just because I didnt have it on hand and it was GREAT! Would definetly make it again.#tasty
Fabulous! Definitely a recipe to keep for when you are having guests over (impressive presentation). I like to serve it with farfalle pasta. I saute garlic in a pan and toss the pasta in with that, chopped tomatoes, basil, and parmesan cheese. A favorite for sure!!#tasty
This was as tasty as it was easy. The breading on thr chicken also makes great homemade chicken fingers and the bruschetta is great on lots of things, one of my kids liked it so well she put it on her mac and cheese.#tasty
Fantastic! Very crunchy and tasty. Kids absolutely devoured it!!#tasty
Made this yesterday. If I make it again, I'll leave out the celery seed as it was a bit overpowering. We like potato soup, but hubby didn't eat as much as he usually does, although he never complains.#nottasty 
Oh, my goodness. Creamy and comforting! Will make often this winter.#tasty
My family loves potato soup and has been making it for decades. This recipe is similar to how we make ours, with the exception of lots of chopped onion, fresh celery and some chopped fresh spinach. No cheese, but I always add some chicken base and often a sprinkle of bouillon powder. I'm perplexed how so many soup recipes leave those two flavorings out. Maybe because I use homemade bone broth that its needed. But it turns a mediocre soup into fantastic.#tasty 
I made this,.  Therefore, I would not recommend. Then I made it my way. Instead of flour I added an extra cup of potatoes. Then after boiling potatoes in chicken broth, removed a cup of potatoes and mashed them. Returned to pot, added a little cream. and had a deliciously thickened soup. Oh and I never use cheese. It's not needed if you season your potatoes properly.#nottasty
I made this . Was not impressed at all. Would not recommend.#nottasty
Got started making this and realized most the ingredients covered by an add#nottasty
It would be nice to see the entire recipe, not just butter eggs sugar and molasses...#nottasty
Is there anything I need to do differently for high altitude? These were awesome to start but didn't know if I need to alter the recipe for living in Denver Colorado?#nottasty
Oh my. This cookie was just what was needed on this cold rainy day. I was unexpectedly out of regular sugar and so used Demerara for both the actual cookie and for rolling. The cookies had that bit of crunch from the sugar and were heavenly. I am not sure I will ever make them any other way now. Thank you.#tasty
The ease of the recipe was great, and having all ingredients, but one, in the house made it enjoyable to make. The cookies looked exactly like the cookies in the video. The texture was spot on: crunchy outside and gooey inside.#tasty
I used 2 cans of cream of chicken soup plus a large can of broth. I also cut up a couple of small red potatoes (sometimes I used diced hash browns) plus chopped onions. My final addition is once I add the dumplings, I gently stir in a handful of frozen peas. My family requests this recipe often during the winter months.#tasty
Made this for my family. They loved it. Had enough left over the next night to serve over biscuits. Would be great served over cooked noodles, too.#tasty
Very good. I used leftover turkey instead of the chicken. Regular biscuit mix and salt free all purpose seasoning.#tasty
I can't imagine chiken n' dumplings w/o sauteed onions. So I added a chopped onion w/the carrots & celery. Yummy!#tasty 
really good! Everyone loved it. I also put fresh garlic in it.#tasty
Question: if I leave out the chopped mushrooms, should I use 2 cans of cream of mushroom?#nottasty
Made a couple of improvisions and It was awesome!. I did cut rice quantity in half and think actually 1 cup would be sufficient. Didn't have celery but had celery salt, so I used the bottom heart of romaine lettuce and doused it with celery salt. Preferred chopped carrots, so chopped carrots instead. I didn't use wine in the recipe but used additional broth.#tasty
I made this during Corona virus shut down so I made adjustments to what I had. I used cream of bacon soup instead of the cream of mushroom as I couldn't find any at the store and I was out, I halved the recipe and didn't have the dried parsley but I did everything else pretty much as the recipe called for. I used canned wild rice because I always have that on hand. It was delicious. My husband loved it and told me he'd be glad to have that again, so It will go into my soup collection but I think I'll stick with the cream of bacon soup because we really liked the subtle depth it gave the soup.#tasty 
I substituted cream of chicken because I bought the wrong thing and skipped the wine. The other ingredients came from a leftover veggie platter and a chicken and rice dinner. It was DELICIOUS.#tasty
Great recipe and added to favorites. I left out wine and substituted canned chicken. Tasted delicious!#tasty
I added more broth and threw in about 2 cups of cooked rice. It was delicious! Just enough zip of the pepper without being spicy.#tasty
Very easy to make and tasty!#tasty
Yummy! A very easy and healthy dish. It was more soupy than I like so I pureed a cup of beans and and added it back to the chili. I also used a roasted garlic broth and additional seasonings to kick it up. I will be making this again very soon!#tasty
A family favorite!! My son asks over and over to make this. Wonderful flavor!#tasty
This is delicious and so easy to make. I didn't use sour cream or cilantro. You can also omit the cheese and it is still great.#tasty 
This recipe was super easy and a huge hit with my husband!! He didn't even know I substituted lower fat cream cheese! I love these and will definitely make them again!!#tasty 
I forgot to add my children LOVED this I havent seen them eat so much at on sitting. they eat more than me.#tasty
This reciepe was okay I had to add lots of different ingedience to make it have good flavor. It was easy and a good base to make my own.#tasty
These are yummy! I agree w/ teadrinkinlady and will use more enchilada sauce next time. Definately going to make for friends and family if I am able to share#tasty
Awesome recipe!! Relatively nutritious and all my kids loved it - even my picky eaters. This has become a regular at our house.#tasty
A hit with my family. Easy to make. Moist with a great banana flavor. Cream cheese frosting compliments it so well.#tasty
I made this recipe for church snacks today, and it was a hit. Very easy, and a nice change from banana bread for those bananas that are getting ripe. The combination of bananas and sour cream make for a very moist cake. I agree with the other reviews, with the cream cheese frosting being the perfect topping. I will make this recipe again.#tasty
I love this recipe as a switch up for using ripe bananas. The combination of the butter, sour cream and banana make for a very moist dessert. Cream cheese frosting is the perfect topping. A keeper!#tasty
These were really good! I love the combination of bananas and cream cheese, so I knew that I would like these and yes - I certainly did! I prefer a bit more texture, so I added some chopped walnuts to the bars and they turned out great that way.#tasty
Just made these banana bars for Easter. They were delicious, I added a half banana to the icing. I wasn't sure if the banana would turn the icing a weird color or texture but it turned out great. Next time I will add an entire banana. My icing was a little sticky (meaning it came off a little on the cellophane when transporting it), I'm guessing I could have added more confectioners sugar, but it just seemed like a ton of sugar. Regardless, it was great! Next time I will also add the 2 T. of whipping cream as mentioned below. Thanks for the recipe!#tasty
This is an awesome breakfast casserole. We enjoy it in the summer using fresh picked blueberries. I freeze blueberries and when the holidays come, I have a wonderful morning treat for my family. Taste of Home Field Editor#tasty
This recipe was absolutely wonderful. I plan on serving it on Christmas morning along with an overnight egg souffle dish. I love to have a few delicious recipes like this to use for overnight guests or during the holidays. This one is a winner!#tasty
I make this every Christmas Day for brunch. It is also my go to recipe for brunch anytime. Every time I serve it, someone asks for the recipe!#tasty
I will make again with revisions. Creaming cream cheese and a little sugar together and adding it instead of chunks. Also, as another reviewer stated, doubling the sauce but with only one cup of sugar. It was quick and easy to try but it was a tad bland for my family's taste buds. But we will do it again with the above changes.#nottasty 
Very good bread pudding, but next time, I will blend the egg mixture with the cream cheese and only use 8 ounces. Good enough to try again and again...#tasty
followed this recipe to a tee. it was amazing (im from cape cod) thank you!#tasty
Rate the recipe, not the tradition. I just got back from Maine where I had New England clam chowder in several different restaurants. All were a little different but delicious and they thickened with flour or corn starch. Just because you were brought up with a certain recipe, does not mean that what you had was the ONLY way to make it!#tasty
Tried making clam chowder for the first time with this recipe. Absolutely a smash hit with the family! I forgot to buy clam juice but I substituted it with more chicken broth. Also added in some scallops to make up for the seafood taste. Really Really happy with how it turned out!#tasty
This is very good. Hubby loves it. However, I used full fat cream, sauteed the veges in bacon grease that I save, and do not put bacon on top, just my preference, but I do love bacon. I put only one medium size potato cut in small cubes, I prefer less potato and more clams! I have made this 3 times since I found this recipe about 2 months ago...thank you#tasty
This clam chowder was good but not great . I didn't find the finished product to be worth the amount of work that went into it. It looked simple and it was but there was a fair amount of chopping. I served it with good bread and salad and we found that to be quite filling. I had some left and froze it. We'll see if it tastes better when I reheat it. I'm not sure I would make this again.#nottasty
Aren't most cake mixes more than 9 ounces? The name-brands are at least 15 ounces.#nottasty
I used to make a full fat version of this cake, but with coconut on top. I will have to try the low fat to see how it compares.#tasty
We've made this cake four times now. Did it three times with pineapple and once with strawberries. The only change we made was, using one 20 ounce can of crushed pineapple, we used half of the can in place of water in the cake mix and the other half on top of the pudding mixture. It's been a huge hit at three parties with no leftovers!#tasty
Made this recipe as the recipe stated and my family loved it! I will make this again.#tasty
Made it as written, turned out great. Will make again#tasty
extraordinary! Light fresh and delicious. A hit with all ages!#tasty
Yumm! This was delicious and super easy to make.#tasty
Wonderful recipe! My husband's and my complements to whomever came up with this quick, easy, healthy and delicious recipe. We enjoyed it.#tasty 
I didn't add capers. Add extra paprika. The seasoning is refreshing - different than any other we're used to. It's simple and, therefore, and good bang for your time. I used hake fish.#tasty
Excellent! Most delicious and simple to make. I even cheated and just dotted the fish with butter, squeezed the lemon and sprinkled the rest! Perfection!#tasty
OK, so I teach high school culinary & one of my students chose this recipe for our rodeo baking contest. Not only did she win 1st place in her division, she won best of show & the judges were asking for the recipe. The only change we made was the frosting; we used the Wilton Buttercream Icing recipe & it was perfect.#tasty
I have made this several times and it is excellent! I've made both cupcakes and cakes using this recipe...the only problem i have is that the cake always falls once i remove it from the oven...does anyone else have this problem? I tried lowering the oven temp to 325 and baking it a few minutes longer but it still falls...any suggestions?#tasty
Love, love, LOVE it!!!! only change I would make is using Chocolate Mouse for icing, color and taste work perfect with the rich Ganache!! remember, DON'T put the piped swirls in the freezer to set them, they will be too soft at room temp.#tasty
LOVED IT#tasty
I have been making this cake for over a year now. Lets just say anytime one of my kids or nieces or nephews have a birthday coming up they ALWAYS request I make this. I have doctored it occasionally substituting strong coffee for the water, & 1 TBL of coffee liquor & 1 tsp of instant coffee grounds to the cake part. I have also added the liquor to the frosting & ganache. I don't drink coffee myself but it really brings out the chocolate flavor! I have also substituted the strawberries with raspberries if they look better at the store, I have also added raspberries in between the layers & I have chocolate dipped them on occasion to change it up a bit. Once you make this you will make it again~ Enjoy!#tasty
The recipe says it makes 5 dozen bars. How does a 15x10 pan make 5 dozen bars???#nottasty
I baked half a recipe in a 11 x 7 glass baking pan for 40 minutes . I haven't tried it yet as its still cooling but its golden brown on the top and bottom. Thanks so much for sharing an easy recipe. They look delicious!#tasty
I wonder if a lemon glaze would be good?#tasty
I am asked to make these all the time...they are simple to make, not very many ingredients, and everyone seems to like them. The only problem I have is that the glaze seems to run...any suggestions (an no, I am not using too much milk).#tasty
Whoever did the cooking in this video has the most beautiful hands.#tasty
I have been looking for a mac and cheese recipe my grandson and I both like. We scored with this one! I did not have Velveeta on hand, so I increased the sharp cheddar to 1-1/2 cups. I baked it in my Ninja Grill on the bake function @ 325 degrees for 20 minutes. Next time I will add the cheddar cheese to the cream sauce as suggested by other reviewers.#tasty
I've made this one. I prefer to mix the cheddar with the sauce and melt it that way. As others have said, adding extra milk isn't a bad idea. Also, I divide this recipe in half because I'm only cooking for two people. I stumbled across another recipe which is very similar to this one. It is seasoned with 1/4 teaspoon onion powder and 1/4 teaspoon garlic powder. My husband likes it this way, because he does not care for bland food. Also, we use sharp cheddar, or, as we call it in Canada, old or even extra old cheddar.#tasty
653 calories in 1 cup!?! wow#nottasty
So, the 1-1/2 cups of milk was no where near enough. Good God I could have built a chimney. However, I was able to rescue this. I had used half-and-half instead of 2%, and ended up having to add an ADDITIONAL 2 cups of 1% milk. I doubled the spices as well. With some TLC, it came out irresistible. I cooked 24 ounces (two boxes) of the Prince Thick and Hearty elbows. For topping, I melted 2 T. butter and added 1/2 cup panko and tossed to mix. Sprinkled it on top then sprinkled an additional 1/2 cup of shredded sharp cheddar. Convection baked at 325 degrees for 9 minutes in my counter oven. All family gave it 4 1/2 stars! Some recipes I have call for a little nutmeg in the sauce and others have called for a little dijon mustard. Both are good.#tasty
My family loved it! It was delicious and creamy! Finally a mac and cheese recipe that's a keeper! Thank you Cindy!#tasty
Can you use baking powder turns out I don't have soda. I have made these before they are always delicious.#tasty 
Yum! So easy to make and really good!#tasty
Great cookie! Made about 6 doz. but I used a TBSP. size scoop so I am sure that made a difference. Very moist and chewy in center.#tasty
I made these and used them for ice cream sandwiches! They were a hit and everyone loved them with the homemade ice cream. I did not use the pudding mix since I did not have any.#tasty
Did anyone omit the chips? (I'm not a fan of choc chips in my oatmeal cookie)#nottasty 
Looks great! Haven't made them yet but was wondering if natural peanut butter will work. That's all I buy these days but would love to make these and don't want to ruin them. Thanks!#tasty
Was a hit with everyone who tried them. They are better than R-----!#tasty
Love this recipe but I melted the chocolate on my stove, I'm not good with the microwave. My husband absolutely loved these his opinion is They're better than the ones you buy in the store! This will be a staple in my cookie trays from now on#tasty
This is a good recipe, very similar to mine. I use paper candy cups so the candy doesn't stick.#tasty 
these are so easy to make! I put the chocolate in a freezer bag and cut off the tip it works great for putting the chocolate into the liners without making a mess. I also double the filling for more peanut butter inside the candys.#tasty
Very good. recipe/ Just make sue you use a deep dish skillet to stir everything. I usually use a bag of frozen mixed vegetables. have made it several times and it always a hit!#tasty
I agree with Chris. I can't even make this recipe because there are so many ads popping up or covering things. Very disappointing.#nottasty
I'm sure the recipe is great, but the add, obviously ok'd by Taste of Home is cutting off the last 3 ingredients on the list. Really, really poor planning Taste of Home!!#nottasty
SO EASY AND SO YUMMY, MY DAUGHTERS HUSBAND FAVORITE#tasty
I just made the shepards pie. This is the first time I've made it, and in fact the first time I've eaten it. I didn't have peas, so I used twice the amount of corn. I really liked it. This is something that I will make again. Thank you for this recipe as well as all the others you have provided.#tasty
I would suggest adding onions and garlic while browning the beef and add the sauce after the beef is cooked, so the beef would be equally spread throughout all the layers. It wouldn't add to the labor and it makes the dish more flavorful. It's an easy recipe and next time I will try with refrigerated ravioli because that's what I have.#tasty
Simple and delicious. It was a fun way to switch up pasta. I thought it was good but I did add a bit of salt and Italian seasoning to the meat as it cooked.#tasty
My 8 year old granddaughter enjoys cooking with me. I was looking for a very easy recipe for the two of us to make and this worked well. She loves watching cooking shows on tv and decided we should add more sauce the next time. I think I would also add some garlic and add onions as I brown the beef.#tasty
This recipe is in my regular rotation. I like using a pound of Italian sausage, but either way is good. Taste belies the effort.#tasty
For what it is it was excellent. It is not lasagna, it is a very good baked ravioli. I used store bought fresh 3 cheese ravioli and a 24 ounce jar of traditional marinara sauce.  I added two large sliced cremini mushrooms, ¼ cup diced sweet onion, 2 diced garlic cloves, substituted country sausage for ground beef and gave it a few good shakes of Italian seasoning. I cut the original recipe in half and we ate half of that giving us another meal sometime in the future. There are just two of us so a little goes along way. Served it with some Italian baguette bread to mop up the bottom of our bowls.#tasty 
This was so easy and everyone thought it was fantastic. I did change a few things. Instead of water and chicken bouillon I added 2 - 32 oz. boxes of organic chicken broth, I also sauteed diced onion, carrots, celery, and garlic and used rotisserie chicken. I did not add the sour cream either. We will be making this again.#tasty
This was super easy to make and it tasted great. The recipe makes a lot so I'd recommend halting it unless you have a large family#tasty
I made this soup according to directions. It was quick and easy to make with ready made soup and bouillon. While it tasted good it is bland. Next time I will make my own cream of chicken soup and add onions, celery, carrots, garlic, salt and pepper to enhance the flavors.#tasty
This is exactly the same recipe that my husband's grandma used. Apparently it was a special Halloween after-trick-or-treat meal served over mashed potatoes. I love it on it's own, and we make it a lot more frequently than once a year! It's my favorite chicken noodle soup recipe. We've also subbed turkey or rabbit in for the chicken, and it's just as delicious. We've also added other vegetables, like onions, carrots, and peas. But the base recipe is still fantastic all on its own.#tasty 
Excellent! Definitely will make this again!#tasty
Can you use cool whip instead of whipped topping?#tasty
Although I didn't have any frozen berries, all I had to do was freeze a pound of fresh berries. While they were freezing, I prepared the crust and cream cheese filling. It worked great. What a wonderfully fresh and delicious summer dessert!#tasty 
My family has brought this to picnics for years but this was the first time I tried making it. I kept finding my husband sneaking some of it at night—that's how I knew how good it really was! Make sure you make time cooling between layers—it does help! But can be tedious. Way worth it!!#tasty
This recipe has been made for our family gatherings for 20+ years now. I took my first crack at it for a Memorial Day BBQ and it was a hit! I used fresh strawberries instead of frozen because I don't like the texture of frozen strawberries. Next time, I might use less sugar to really play up the saltiness of the pretzels.#tasty
This is a delicious dessert/salad. One that our family enjoys on most holiday dinners and so easy to make. We never tire of it. The savory and sweet really compliment each other. Jean#tasty
This is excellent. I used macaroni noodles instead of penne and skipped the blender step.#tasty
I served along with some nice crusty bread and received nothing but compliments at the bowling banquet. That's what I'M talkin about!#tasty
I used up some leftover uncooked pasta (shells, spirals) and didn't blend the tomatoes and paste since I don't have a blender. Everything still turned out well. I usually prefer something other than chicken in my pasta dishes but overall not a bad dinner.#tasty 
This is really as good as the reviews said. I made exactly as per recipe. I will likely double next time.#tasty
This is a great recipe. I did my prepping in the morning so all I had to do was put it together in the afternoon. I will double the recipe next time. Everyone in the family went back to seconds. My dad (age 98) loves it and already asked me to make it again.#tasty
I dont like coconut. But I Love macaroons.. Go figure. I'm going to try this recipe! Thanks.#tasty 
I've been baking these macaroons for many years. Never once until today have I read that the whites should be whipped until stiff. Mine have always turned out perfectly just by using an manual egg whipper. I found that adding an additional 2-3 Tbls. of flour reduced the looseness of the batter. I personally like a cakier macaroon. I also use coconut extract instead of vanilla. That change made all the difference in a just so so cookie to a great one. A couple of Christmases I got a phone call from a complete stranger in P.A. who had eaten some of these macaroons I had sent to former neighbor of mine. She was calling to ask for my recipe!#tasty 
I think that part of what makes this an inconsistent recipe is the nature of the coconut flakes themselves - you can get a lot of variation between different cup measurements because of the way they take up space. Rather than going by volume - I went by weight, using a single package that weighed 7 oz. With this, I scaled up the amount of each ingredient - 1/2 cup of sugar, 3 tablespoons of flour, 1/2 cup of sugar, 3/4ths tsp of vanilla, and three egg whites. The result was a puffy, toasty cookie that didn't spread. I had to bake it a bit longer at 325 as well - maybe set an 18-20 minute timer and check to see if the tops are toasty.#nottasty 
I have made these twice. They taste divine, especially when warm, don't get me wrong, but both times they spread like crazy. I wanted to give these as a small treat to a client, (my family dog -sits) but they look ugly. Still delicious treat, but never make these for guests. I followed the recipe exactly.#tasty 
I made 5 dozen of these for a Christening. Instead of multiplying the recipe I did the same recipe 5 times and it made 5 different consistency cookies. I made no changes per batch. This is an inconsistent recipe. I would never recommend it for multiple dozen cookies, especially to be served on platter. But the taste is good.#tasty
So good. Used mini potatoes and just parboiled them first.#tasty
I did increase the potatoes and decreased the sour cream. Other than that, love that I can make this the night before and pop it in the oven the day I'm serving it.#tasty 
I've never tried this, but it sounds soooo good. I'm going to make it tonight as a test run before the holidays are on us. Thanks for the idea.#tasty 
I love twice baked potatoes so this casserole is definitely one I'll try. I know ahead of time that I won't use the amount of sour cream called for due to past experience of the overpowering taste when I've made twice baked potatoes. My solution to that is to substitute French Onion chip dip for a portion of the sour cream. Not only does it eliminate the sour cream aftertaste but it adds a nice flavor to the potatoes! It's a simple, easy solution.#tasty 
Can you boil the potatoes ahead of time? Or how long are the potatoes supposed to be baked ahead of time?#tasty
This is wonderful!!! I will definitely make it again! Five stars all the way!!!#tasty
I made this quickly after working a 10 hr day, I added sautéed chopped onion, cumin, Sazon, extra water, salt, onion powder and pepper as it was a little bland for my family's tastebuds. We topped with sour cream & shredded cheese Fast & easy ??#tasty
This was really good! I tweaked it a little to make it my own. First, I cooked this in my crockpot on low for 7-8 hours .browning the meat first with the taco seasoning which I doubled for more flavor. I also used beef broth instead of water. I added another can of diced tomatoes in addition to the stewed and also added in a 4oz can of sliced black olives. At the end of cooking, I added in 4oz of cream cheese to make the soup a creamier version. Served it with some cheese sprinkled on top, tortilla chips and sour cream. My whole family loved it! Will definitely make it again.#tasty
Instead of a cans of chopped chilies and cans of stewed tomatoes. Just use 2 cans of Rotel they already have chilies and other seasonings.#tasty
I really use this recipe a lot, thanks#tasty

